hi everyone welcome to Victoria
packing.com today we are going to make
sauerkraut this is a Russian way to make
sauerkraut it's amazing it's very
healthy nutritious food so I hope you
enjoy the idea and stay tuned let's
start I've started with small head of
cabbage I try to do it finely chop it
funny but no way I couldn't do it but
anyway anyhow as fine as you can to
medium carrot so I'm going to grade them
on large like so for the cabbage add
your carrots and tablespoon of salt now
this is Himalayan pink salt and frankly
it's not so salty but use more if you
use kosher salt use two tablespoons like
so teaspoon of fennel seeds you can use
kimmel if you like or penalties are okay
use tablespoon of sugar I'm using
organic coconut sugar but you can use
any sugar you like but we make sure to
use your unique one because the regular
sugar beet sugar is all genetically
modified and now take your hand and
smoosh everything together like so well
it come together and let the juices run
out and leave it outside for couple of
hours like so after about our a little
bit more iced and spread it to another
Bowl now you've read the we can do it
and another Bowl but in the bigger bowl
it's just easier to mash it together
like so
stick it very well together like I mean
really mash it down then take a plate
travel to the plate probably this way to
be easier to come out of the head and
place something heavy on top and I mean
it I don't know
water mason jar with water maybe tahini
jar anything that's heavy cover all of
this with clean phew sorry and let it
stand outside for 24-48 hours or until
it's sour
the only thing makes sure that the it's
covered with the juices if not open it
and push it even harder that's it after
two days it's done its sour and it's
amazing and very healthy
now for servin usually I'm a little bit
of olive oil and a little bit of white I
am
finely chopped green onion furniture
organizing here another way to serve it
it's on hot world potatoes with the
green or a white onion and olive oil
it's just amazing together
there are amazing benefits to beat this
sound crime crowd with its role and just
are not out of the camp and never been
heated it sauerkraut has probiotic
polluted qualities is a good source of
vitamin C much higher than in their own
state office of the cabbage Kenta fartin
properties and traditional outer
treatment so let's try our creation
I hope you can hear the crunch on it it
is just amazing and the fennel is so
vivid and nice by the way you don't have
to use channel scenes or chemo seeds it
just up to you but anyhow it's very
tasty and healthy so I hope you enjoyed
the idea and don't forget to subscribe
when they comment thumbs up me in cheers
Victoria love you all see you next time
please support my channel bye easy to be
my soaps
the leaves are in description box below
you will find the recipes for Halloween
holidays and just for fun but have kids
books and game as well
thank you for supporting me and my
channel love you all til next them